[Music]
hi
it's agatha welcome or welcome back to
my channel and for today's
video it's going to be a makeup tutorial
i am going to do a 90s bombshell
inspired makeup look i already did my
base
because the focus of this video is going
to be the
eyes so the eye look and i'm going to
share with you
the newest products from vice cosmetics
so i thought days ago melatonin release
and this is the
super mega ultra curl mascara so i'm
going to try this for the first time
and this is also an addition to mama
ann's collection so the
mario neon vice cosmetics now
collaboration with
ankutson additional nela i will be
featuring the latest eyeshadow palette
from
vice cosmetics which is the kvog
palette so before we get started please
like this video
and subscribe to my channel as well okay
okay without further ado let's go to
the claims of this palette is that kavog
everyday
full face palette is
you can use this left side which is this
one
for your daytime looks and the right
side for your nighttime looks
but of course spelling of course
carrying carry to use the palette
however you want so this is what it
looks like it's super small actually
it's travel friendly
as you can see this is my hand for
reference i don't
have an inspiration or a bag for my look
today
so let's just let's see what happens
huh experimental agora
so okay
i already did a wing and i used device
go
x and clothes gel liner in intense black
i just put a wing and then
smudge it next thing that we're going to
do is to add
some color on the crease i'm going to
use
this shader and using this fluffy flat
brush
bring it on the crease line just the
crease
line right there
you reach this area
you're going to wing it out
just like that then the next thing that
we're going to do is we're going to get
back
with the eyeliner and i'm going to shape
it now
just the outline of the eyeliner so it's
important
now pantaisha
just do the outline
[Music]
because later on we're going to put
the eyeshadow in black eyeshadow
in this palette okay the next
brush that you're going to use is this
brush and we're going to get
the darkest shade which is the black one
and
fill the wing liner
as you can see there's no fallout which
is the eyeshadow is
pigmented just like their previous
eyeshadows
and it's not patchy well i haven't tried
all of the shades
yet but so far it's not patchy at
all and then the next thing that we're
going to do
is to add a little bit of black
and put it here
just to add dimension to it
as you can see
then blend it when i blend it i use
this fluffy brush to blend it
the last part is to get this
eyeshadow or this shade right here
and pack it on the middle
to get that effect
it's okay if it starts to get messy
because we're going to fix it later what
you're going to do
so that there's no harsh line is we're
going to get a little bit of the shade
right here then blend it
like this
[Music]
put some brown and a little bit of black
there you go so just add
more of the white
shade
there that was clean it long again
this is the last step we're going to add
gel liner on the lower lash line
going to add this brown shade
then apply it on your lower lash line
be careful not to poke your eye okay now
i am done
with my eye makeup and let's move on to
applying the mascara
so we're going to try for the first time
this mascara this is the meg a super
mega ultra curl mascara
and it claims to be water resistant
volumizing lengthening smudge proof
clump and flake free as well as it is
weightless it is infused with castor oil
panthenol
and peach leaf extract to ensure strong
and healthy
lashes this mascara has three
stages or three levels so the first one
is super curl and
to achieve that you're just going to get
like
apply one coat of the mascara and then
two coats of the mascara is going to be
the mega
curl and then the third coat or the last
one
is the ultra curl so let's see i'm just
going
to curl my lashes first
of course let's see i have stubborn
eyelashes so
whenever i apply mascara
it always goes down so we'll see
how this one performs
this one costs 295 pesos
and the palette costs
[Music]
395 pesos
opening it this is what the
mascara want looks like and we're going
to apply it now
[Music]
wow
i don't know if you can see my lashes
because it's so thin and
i have a very thick eyeliner right now
okay it's going to
just going to apply it here and on
the other side so
let's see how this one performs it
definitely
lengthen my
lashes and volumize it
my favorite lashes favorite lashes my
favorite mascara
is from l'oreal it's the
voluminous lash paradise i really love
that it's very smudge proof i must say
kind of
and the guy that didn't get an eye so it
doesn't smudge
i'm going to apply also on
my lower lash let's see
oh my gosh i love it
so as you can see
i can definitely tell that
um it doesn't bring my mask
my lashes down and that means it's not
heavy at all it's not sticky
and clumpy which is nice
and i like it for the blush
i am going to use this shade right here
[Music]
ah i love it
oh it's so nice add a little bit of
the pink blush so this one looks
like a mauve pink shade
okay
pigment
i love it we are going to apply
highlighter
okay i am so excited for this part let's
see
i love shimmers i love highlighters
and anything glittery so i'm really
excited to try the highlighters of this
palette
[Music]
i love it it's so nice
wow look at that glow
look at that look for the lips i am
going to use
a gel liner i'm going to use the brown
shade from soft long brown from
the collection and i'm going to use it
as
a lip liner
[Music]
i look funny then i'm going to apply the
visco x and
klutz soft matte lipstick in
and close
i look like someone from the 90s
movies i don't know look very grunge
did i achieved it did i achieve it
did i did i i love it it's so nice
also it goes with my outfit and my
accessory
so before we end this video of course i
want to give you my thoughts
my final verdict for the products that i
featured
in this video so let's start off with
the covo palette
what i can say about this i like the
packaging
it's compact very small it has a mirror
and i appreciate it because it's very on
the go
since you get two two shades of blush
punky light two sets of highlighters and
a variety of eyeshadow shades from
mattes
to shimmers i will recommend this
product if you're the type of
person who doesn't like to bring too
much makeup
and i like the pigmentation and the
formula
of this palette the only downside that i
can think of
is that i really need to squeeze my
brushes especially when it's really
fluffy because the pants are too small
it doesn't bother me at
all for the reason that it's very
pigmented so a little goes a long way
so thumbs up shazam i will recommend
this palette
now let's move on to the mascara i'm
happy that vice cosmetics released
this kind of mascara because there are a
lot of good mascaras in the market but
they
are not cruelty free and i'm trying to
transition because
using products and cruelty-free so it's
really hard for me to find
or to look for mascaras that are good
and yet they are creative free so
this one is promising even though i just
tried it for the first time
and i don't know still if it's really
smudge proof
or waterproof or long lasting but
for my first try it's really nice i can
say it's
promising so that concludes our video
for today
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me and if you do
have some suggestions leave them
down below okay i'll see you in my next
one
[Music]
bye